We're back with the First Lady,
Michelle Obama, my co-host today.
And it is pretty much a huge
deal that you're here.
I just wanted to take advantage
of this before the show ends,
that I would maybe commemorate
this with a selfie or something.
>> Yeah.
I'd love to.
>> So.
Uh-oh, I just messed it up.
>> Do you have the password?
>> No.
>> Good.
>> Wait, hold on.
[LAUGH]
>> All right.
>> I just need to need to get back to
the camera, that's all I have to do.
>> It is a one-hour show, Ellen.
>> How do you?
Boy, you're doing great.
>> I watch it.
>> I lost the camera.
There it is, there it is, okay.
>> Okay.
>> All right, hold on.
>> A selfie means we're both in it, right?
>> [LAUGH]
>> I need.
>> We should do duck lips or something.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> You know who's better at this than me?
Is Bradley Cooper.
Bradley.
[MUSIC]
>> Look at you.
>> Hi.
>> Hey.
Hey, it's Bradley Cooper, everybody.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> What a great start.
>> Yeah, right?
>> You guys are great.
Aren't they fantastic?
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> I gotta tell you,
she has been begging me for
years to do this, and I was like, no, no.
And then finally I'm like, okay.
I guess so.
>> All right, thank you for this.
>> How many times have you
been at the White House?
>> Twice.
How many times have you been there?
>> The state dinner, which is technically.
>> Yeah, that counts, yeah.
>> Yeah, of course.
I had just done American Sniper and
the tuxedo,
I only had one tuxedo that didn't fit.
And then, I was so
nervous that it would rip.
So I decided the last minute
to eighty-six the underwear.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Because you know, if it should rip,
it's much better to not have underwear on.
>> [LAUGH]
>> For us.
[LAUGH] It's good for us, right ladies?
>> [APPLAUSE]